d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\bin\Debug\conhost.exe.config
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\bin\Debug\conhost.exe
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\bin\Debug\conhost.pdb
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\Suggeritore Cisco.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\Controls\CircularProgressBar.baml
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\Windows\DummyWindow.baml
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\Windows\HelperUI.baml
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\Windows\PTHelperUI.baml
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\Controls\CircularProgressBar.g.cs
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\Windows\ChapterSelector.g.cs
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\Windows\DummyWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\Windows\HelperUI.g.cs
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\Windows\PTHelperUI.g.cs
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\conhost_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\conhost_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\App.baml
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.baml
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\Windows\ChapterSelector.baml
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\conhost.g.resources
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\Suggeritore_Cisco.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\Suggeritore Cisco.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\Suggeritore Cisco.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\conhost.exe
d:\Users\d\Desktop\Suggeritore-Cisco-master\Suggeritore Cisco\obj\Debug\conhost.pdb
